# Ubik Web App v0.1

## About The Project
[UBIK](https://ubikai.org/) is a new advertising platform built with Artificial Intelligence (AI) inspired by **Philip K. Dick's Ubik**. My goal is to create a system that will be able to generate various flavors of advertisements. 

## State of Project
We created a full website with a back-end that will allowed us to input product title and keywords, and receive a Ubik-flavored advertisement. The backend's engine was taken off gcloud due to high google compute cost. In addition to creating the system, we also created a proof of concept self-advertising website to show off the capabilities of our system which you can visit at ubikai.org . 
Our AI is able to learn and improve over time as it receives more feedback from users.

You can see a few examples of our models below or alternatively **you can view 1 of 25000 ads generated by Ubik for Ubik at ubikai.org. Refresh page to see more.**

## Examples (all ubik-flavored ads exclusively written by Ubik AI engine)
#### Google Internship Program

 > At Google, we're not just making the world's most used search engine. We're working to organize the world's information and make it universally accessible and useful. Our internship program is the best way to get your foot in the door and work with a dynamic team of individuals whose sole objective is to change the world. All you need is a strong desire to make the world's information accessible and useful. So if you're looking for a once in a lifetime opportunity to be part of team changing the world as you know it, get your resume to us today. 

#### Ultra-FTL Spaceships

> Looking for a ride out of this galaxy? How about across the universe? With our new line of ultra-FTL starships, we can go to the stars. These revolutionary ships use multi-dimensional warp space to travel unimaginable distances in the span of a heartbeat. With these ships, travel across the galaxy has never been faster or safer. 
Come to our sales center on your next off world stop. You'll be glad you did.

#### Golf course

> Imagine a golf course with no forbidden areas, water hazards, out of bounds, or rough ground. Now stop imagining because the perfect golf course is here. The fairways are lush and green. The sand traps are firm and the perfect places to land your ball. The greens are smooth and fast. No need to worry about the weather here, because we have underground tunnels that keep you playing regardless of rain or shine. This is the perfect golf experience.

#### Automatic screwdriver
> Batteries not included! Keeps equipment operating without large and heavy battery packs. The new, high-vibration Ubik vibrating power cell screws directly into light sockets and draws very little power, yet lasts for a long time. 



